we're here in Brooklyn we're in Chicago
the Windy City over going to Toby's
public house at new Nadia's we've been
told is the best piece of New York City
has to offer and we're about to try
deep-dish Chicago style pizza so this
here is soppressata supposedly this is
what pepperoni wants to be when it grows
up
it's better pepperoni we got black
garlic and four cheese's
this is pancetta and creamy litleo
mushrooms Jesus and your media a little
bit and creamy aioli mushrooms Jesus and
ramires look at the sweating of the meat
I like it when my meat sweats that
sounds like a good t-shirt right there
with a pile of juice right there pure
beaches ha two percent meat just pledged
ourselves like a three meat juice right
there
we're now ready to try the best pizza in
New York we are in Brooklyn let's see if
it's worth them
that's one of the best pieces I've ever
had in my entire life holy smokes
the crust is perfectly thin what's great
about this crust also is that it doesn't
have that like soft dough on top it's
all just like thin but it's not too
crunchy at the same time whatever you
like about it is I personally don't like
when my pizza sauce tastes like tomatoes
mm-hmm you know it's like straight up
just so I could taste like crushed
Tomatoes this has actually like a really
nice seasoning to it it's like a bacon
pizza when we fit one more please trivia
question for your meal
what is the 26 decimal of Pi game is
rigged oh man
this is actually an off-menu item yeah
we asked the waitress here and she said
that there's some pizzas they can make
as if this is her special edition once
you come here you can't find it that's
why
I always got some pick too out and great
that is great we should have pizza like
this all the time this is a white pizza
also I normally don't like white pizzas
wow that is amazing
I was actually concerned that this was
going to be tough because whenever you
cook meat in the oven that isn't
pepperoni and you try to bite through it
like a salami hears you like it's
actually quite vocal vocalist for you
okay we're going again hmm
some barbarians okay in order that
half-and-half style deep-dish pizza
Simon has spinach and tomato and
mushroom on it right but in the pot
butter coast and has sausage pepperoni
ecstasy okay needed can't pick this up
with your hands this is my first time
having this okay here we go
let me see how this compares are you
ready all right this is so good is it
really be so yeah it has a crust has
stuff on it has tomato sauce why would
this play this I'm gonna just do this
that is a great piece of pizza there's
like nothing I've ever had before
so this press right here is definitely
not as spin as what we're using you can
see it's elevated but you can still hold
this in your hand this is what Korean
Pizza aspires to be green pizza always
has tons of toppings on it hmmmm one
bite in I would order this again what
does that condensed milk idea what is it
Chicago pizza tastes just like that
except this is right Oh
so we've had the best pizza in New York
and the best pizza in Chicago and the
best between the two of them is we're
gonna now sit on the count of three one
two three Chicago one seriously then why
even though I really liked the New York
style pizza was really wonderful I think
that the flavors in the Chicago pizza
were by far a lot stronger a lot more
impactful there was just so much more to
it than a New York style pizza okay
I love the Chicago pizza I thought it
was great but it was like a casserole
you have to cut through the layers of it
it was great so much cheese crust on the
edging was not good but for the New York
style pizzas I really like toppings and
the toppings were like to focus and I
was able to eat it and be like oh my god
that mushroom that cheese that this that
that also like the New York style pizza
is better if you like talking with
friends you can't really be sociable if
you like working and I finish Chicago
style pizza and try not to make mess of
yourself but with New York's up easy you
can pick it up hold in your hand take a
bite and talk at the same time the best
pizza overall adult was a need of
Chicago in New York it was in Norway
they have this Thai style pizza that
actually put ranch sauce on top of Italy
woman - cilantro Oh peanuts on it
Oh like what is this magic pizza by far
the best piece I've had in the entire
world Chicago New York
it's a wish they could be norway pizza
what always like if you disagree with us
because I'm sure you probably do let us
know in the comments section below where
we should eat pizza next time so we can
eat it right and let us know what your
favorite pizza place is if you're a New
Yorker if you're Chicago if you're in
California wherever you are let us know
where we should go the name of the
actual place all right I like tronto
pizza for 3 900 Pizza Nova this is not
sponsored by pizza
you